hey there it's christina warren from
nashville calm and this is my ipad and
let's take a look at another app this
one is called magic piano and it is from
smule now mule as you neighbor called is
responsible for that i am t-pain app and
their first stop was ocarina for the
iphone which was at the time of the most
innovative iphone apps and magic piano
is really really innovative application
you might have seen it on abc's news
results and when you first start the app
you kind of get a free styles for piano
we're just dragging your finger cross
will kind of show you different notes
and based on how long you press and what
where you press and I don't have any
keys you use and whether or not you're
skyping across or not will depend on
what sort of sound comes out so that's
pretty cool if you click on this top
button here this spiral you get a little
spiral graph and again you can kind of
go back and forth and just kind of make
noise and if you click on this again you
get it's kind of like the the piano and
big where you just kind of jumping on it
only this was doing it with your fingers
and then we'll go back again to the demo
mode or the fruit free frame ohms now if
you go to the songbook this is pretty
cool you can quote selected song and
they've got six choices or five choices
here and for instance let's take for
release
and just by hitting where you see lights
will depend on what makes noise but if
you wait you long to play things it can
affect the sound it can affect maybe the
cord like that's going too fast so you
want to find the right rhythm with the
songs and that's kind of cool now again
you can we've got this a rolled mode and
this is basically like chatroulette
except that it's for piano so I can
click in I can kind of go directly to
this person and I can listen to them
planes and some music and if I like them
I can you know favorite them add them to
my list so this adds kind of a cool
interactive feature and it's kind of
it's pretty cool so you can kind of go
all over the world and kind of see the
different chatroulette players that are
piano burlap players that are out there
and you can also do duets where you can
basically choose your own name and
tagline and you can play do butts with
people so this OP is a 299 I believe and
it's pretty it's pretty fantastic it's a
really innovative way of just kind of
expressing what makes this sort of
device so cool with its you know
touchscreen sort of stuff so this is a
mash piano